Chris Alliman MD: This is Dr. Alvin with a new patient intake for Jessica Freeman, date of birth is January 31 1988 is
Chris Alliman MD: February 14 says New Mexico.
Chris Alliman MD: Hello, Jessica.
Jessica Freeman: Good morning.
Chris Alliman MD: How are you this morning.
Jessica Freeman: How are you
Chris Alliman MD: Good. I'm Dr. Alan, are you set or do you need a little bit of time.
Jessica Freeman: I could use two minutes. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: No problem. Go ahead and I'll just, I'll turn off my video here for a little bit, just let me know when you're ready. Okay.
Yep.
Chris Alliman MD: What I always tell people is that
Chris Alliman MD: Suboxone is basically just a patch. Right. It's the therapy that one is able to actually heal the brain, get the skills needed. So I'm glad you've been doing that. That's really helpful. Good. Alright.
Chris Alliman MD: Any surgeries at any point ever
Jessica Freeman: I had a tonsillectomy. When I was five. So 1985 and I had to normal births. So no surgical intervention there.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, and
Chris Alliman MD: You said no, you had your. When was your last alcohol use.
Jessica Freeman: March 6 of
Chris Alliman MD: Merge six. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Any tobacco use.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah I smoked for 22 years on a about not quite a year and a half ago I switched to the vapor and I still use that. But I don't use it very much, you know, okay.
Chris Alliman MD: We have is so we certainly you know we're learning more and more about taping, and I'm sure you've heard all the news about lung issues with that.
Chris Alliman MD: What we have discovered is that it can be a nice way to taper off nicotine just slowly decreasing the amount of nicotine that's in the cartridge so
Jessica Freeman: Way to get off of cigarettes. So
Chris Alliman MD: We just don't want people to stay with it.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I know. And same thing with Suboxone and I know that these are things that I need to stop like my recovery is really good. And I talked to my psychiatrist Dr chambers before you know
Jessica Freeman: For several months before I left, and he's like, with you moving. He said, I don't see that it's a good time for you to try to stop that. He said, Why don't you get there and get stable getting treatment and then you can have, you know, doctor's supervision, while you're
Chris Alliman MD: Doing yeah that's
Jessica Freeman: All I want to do.
Jessica Freeman: It's just, I just got here on Christmas Eve.
Jessica Freeman: It's been a lot of changes. It's all good. I got a job. My son's in school.
Jessica Freeman: You know everything's is good, but it's still just, you know, it's lonely. I don't know anybody takes a long time to build friendships. Yeah, it does.
Chris Alliman MD: What brought you to Albuquerque.
Jessica Freeman: Well, my mom got married and then they retired here and seeing how I'm a single mother to five year old boys autism. I need my mom. She's my biggest supporter. So we came on your much better weather to
Chris Alliman MD: 300
Sunshine.
Chris Alliman MD: Your mom's aware of what's going on with you. Obviously. Yeah, and very supportive. It sounds
Jessica Freeman: Very supportive. Yeah, she's gonna help me cover these upfront costs and then I'm going to submit all this stuff to Medicaid for potential reimbursement and
Jessica Freeman: What can I do, then she'll
Jessica Freeman: Regain that money. If not, she's, she's very supportive. Good.
Chris Alliman MD: That's, that's nice to have that support sounds like that was a good move for you.
Jessica Freeman: Well, she, too, has learned a lot about addiction, and alcoholism in the past four years right along with me.
Jessica Freeman: You know she, you know, instead of
Jessica Freeman: Instead of like ending my life if I if I relapse because she would she would like come in and sweep and just destroy everything that's what she did the first time, but this time.
Jessica Freeman: She knows, like, just take care of my little boy for me. Put me in detox and get me back into meetings and I'll be fine.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, good. She knows that she's very supportive.
Chris Alliman MD: Very good. Now when you were taking the short acting opiates. What, what were you taking back in the teenage years up to
Chris Alliman MD: Most recently, when you were taking them. What were you taking how much, how often
Jessica Freeman: Um, I was taking anything I could find. So it started off with Norco that I found in my mom's medicine cabinet as a teenager.
Jessica Freeman: Then I got my own script with lots of manipulation and lies and I was getting, you know, hundreds mean they even put me on methadone and Norco at this is had
Jessica Freeman: Hundreds of pills. Wow. And this was, you know, in the mid 2000s. Yeah, when it was easy to do that. And so it was easy to buy it was easy to sell and then things changed.
Jessica Freeman: Which is a good thing that I didn't think so at the time, but then I eventually like at the end, anything I could find.
Jessica Freeman: And then when I was coming down and I couldn't find anything. I started, you know, other things like crystal meth. Like I smoked it for six months.
Jessica Freeman: I mean, I tried. I tried anything I could get at the end because I was so afraid of withdrawal and, you know, being in reality I just couldn't be present in reality, ever. And it was, you know, decades of my life that I spent altered.
Jessica Freeman: Right, right. No, it's great that that's not the case today.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, you've made some great switches and great improvement. Um, did heroin ever become a thing for you.
Jessica Freeman: Know, okay, I'd probably be dead.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: I never did anything intravenous and I never tried heroin. Good. Good. Those were kind of my
Chris Alliman MD: follow up questions there. So I'm glad that you were able to avoid that part.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, thank you.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. Um, alright, so living situation. Sounds like it sounds like it's pretty stable, but new
Jessica Freeman: Yeah. Actually, I'm renting a house that my mom and her husband own
Jessica Freeman: It's affordable and flexible and they actually own the car that I'm driving as well, which I had one, but then I sold it to them and then they gave me this.
Jessica Freeman: Anyway, they're extremely supportive of me and my little boy and our lifestyle and I am
Jessica Freeman: Working but like with my situation, it's impossible to work 40 hours a week and get my son to every therapy and appointment and evaluation and assessment interview that he needs and keep a job. So I work 20 hours a week.
Jessica Freeman: And I make
Jessica Freeman: 10 shitty dollars an hour and it keeps us qualified for the things that we need to be qualified for. Okay, so you
Chris Alliman MD: Found how to balance that so that's good. Yeah. Good. Are you doing any counseling. Currently, it doesn't sound like it. That's still
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: When I left my therapist, Brittany, you know, we've been working together for almost four years. She's like, you know, you're a success story, Jessica. She was like,
Jessica Freeman: Fly little eagle. She said, you can take some time and not do this for a while. And just as situationally I'm sure I'll be back in therapy at some point but but right now things are good, you know, actually therapy would be kind of awesome.
Jessica Freeman: So I don't know how much you know about our program. I am going to get you a
Chris Alliman MD: Suboxone prescription today. So you'll be set with that.
Chris Alliman MD: You absolutely take that stress away from you so you don't have to worry about that. Um, but our program is basically we have weekly group visits.
Jessica Freeman: Now when you say group is that, like other people that are in recovery. Yeah. Okay, so I've done the whole gamut of that. I mean, I've done all the group therapy like CVT GBT you know
Chris Alliman MD: Right, right.
Jessica Freeman: I've been in group therapy for years and I haven't had to do it for about a year and it's been really nice.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, so, so the way our program works out is we have, it's so most people aren't at the spot that you're at right
Jessica Freeman: Now,
Chris Alliman MD: So we've got a group therapy where there's usually somewhere between five and 10 patients that come in on zoom like we're doing now.
Chris Alliman MD: I'm in the group. And we also have a therapist in the group. And that's when we do medical check in to see how things are going with the medication that's very quick. We do that very quickly.
Chris Alliman MD: And that's and then it switches into kind of a group therapy discussion session, led by the therapist that's in there. Well, that's going on. That's when I get medications refills sent into page up for patients.
Chris Alliman MD: So, people generally they they need to show up for the group therapy. And then there's also once a week therapy sessions with the counselor individually. So, that is, it's generally a requirement that we have for people because like we talked about the Suboxone is a patch.
Chris Alliman MD: And then the therapy is it
Jessica Freeman: Is this is a good option right like you do you guys accept new mexico Medicaid
Chris Alliman MD: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Jessica Freeman: So as soon as I get that, then all of that sounds great. I just don't have the confirmation yet. And it's, I'm going to have to front. All of this costume. My mom has my back. She does. She will cover whatever I need. But, you know, to, it has to be reasonable. You know, I can't
Jessica Freeman: Drop a bunch of money. So yes, I'm definitely down for this program with my lifestyle, it's very convenient.
Jessica Freeman: Which online thing like I have a really difficult time even getting to meetings because I don't have. I don't know anybody to babysit. And I don't have a million dollars to pay babysitters and my mom. She's already doing so much, you know. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Absolutely. So as we kind of work through this. I've got a bunch of questions to ask you. But we'll, we'll lay out kind of when the groups are and what works with your schedule.
Chris Alliman MD: And we can certainly work with things. I understand your situation and we can work things out.
Chris Alliman MD: But we'll
Jessica Freeman: Take that, yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, it's my little boys diaper.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, no worries. You're fine.
Jessica Freeman: We turn the volume down yeah but
That's
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Sounds good.
Jessica Freeman: You slept Late Late Late today so
Jessica Freeman: Which was so nice. He never does that when I can sleep in.
Jessica Freeman: The only sleep late when I have to get up early.
Jessica Freeman: You gotta get your
Chris Alliman MD: Do you have a primary care provider yet. I wouldn't
Jessica Freeman: Get to your new. All right.
Um,
Chris Alliman MD: So we are not the primary care group, obviously. So that's something that you'll want to check you.
Jessica Freeman: Can be able to
Jessica Freeman: I
Jessica Freeman: I had to select an NCO like a managed care organization. So I'm sure they're going to give me a list of network providers that I can choose from.
Chris Alliman MD: I don't know what's going to be included in your SEO options, but what I do know is that first choice is a group that all is always accepting new patients, it might be awhile, but they're always accepting new patients. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And they're spread out all over Albuquerque, and they've got lots of different offices. Well, that could be an option for you. I'm
Chris Alliman MD: Marital status.
Jessica Freeman: Happily divorced. Okay.
Jessica Freeman: Got 15 years
Chris Alliman MD: Right. And because Suboxone can cause birth defects. I always ask about contraception last period, things like that.
Jessica Freeman: Well, um, last period was January 31
Jessica Freeman: And I have been abstinent during my recovery, thus far. So, going on a few years. Good.
Chris Alliman MD: So just be aware of that changes that you want to be protected.
Very good.
Chris Alliman MD: Any family history of addiction anything run through the family.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, there's a few like my mom's side of the family. They have some alcoholism, but you know they hide everything. So it's not really discussed, but then my dad side of the family. We got a couple of alcoholics and drug addicts. I have a cousin. I have an uncle.
Jessica Freeman: Actually two cousins.
Jessica Freeman: And an uncle and then me
Chris Alliman MD: Gotcha. And then, especially with women. We always check in. If there was a history of childhood abuse if you were abused as a child.
Jessica Freeman: No, I was not using my parents here for religious. Gotcha.
Chris Alliman MD: Gotcha, we when we know that for women at least that can play a
Chris Alliman MD: significant role in addiction issues so good to be aware of. All right.
Jessica Freeman: Thing. When I was 17 was like with a pastor church. I grew up and it just went down so bad, and I'm the one that got stuck with all the blame for the whole thing and like
Jessica Freeman: It was so traumatic and suck my entire life and just use it off in this other direction. And I just never recovered from that until I got sober.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, yeah. It takes a bit for sure.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so I got some yes or no questions for you. And this is thinking back to the time when you are actively actively using like Norco or or other things.
Chris Alliman MD: So we'll just kind of run through those if you don't understand the questions I can certainly rephrase or repeat them whatever you need, but we'll just work through that. Okay.
All right.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you take opiates in larger amounts or over a longer period of time than initially intended
Chris Alliman MD: Oh yes, some of these are a bit obvious, but I still have to ask
Jessica Freeman: I get it, you have to ask me questions that are like, oh,
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, yes, I will answer them. And I will try to be patient and
Chris Alliman MD: You can roll your eyes. That's fine.
Chris Alliman MD: There's a bit. It was there a persistent desire or unsuccessful effort to cut down or control the US.
Jessica Freeman: Oh yeah, yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you spend have to spend a great deal of time trying to get the opiates use them or recover from them.
Jessica Freeman: Yes, yes, and yes
There you go.
Chris Alliman MD: Where there's cravings, or a strong desire to use
Yes.
Jessica Freeman: has really helped with that. Yeah, like the miracle of the program. I don't think about it. I don't desire it. I've got to a point I can even like I went to a drag show with my, my friend recently and you know everybody's drinking I it didn't bother me at all.
Chris Alliman MD: Nice. So it's been working both for the opiates and the alcohol for you. It sounds like
Jessica Freeman: Well, the whole recovery bit. Yeah, yeah.
Jessica Freeman: That's great.
Chris Alliman MD: Um, did the opiates cause failure to fulfill roles at work at school or at home.
Jessica Freeman: Yes, yes, yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you continue to use despite their possibly being recurrence social relationship problems worsened by the opiates.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you have to give up important social, occupational or recreational activities because of the opiates.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you continue to use in situations that were physically hazardous like driving
Chris Alliman MD: And
Chris Alliman MD: Did you continue to use despite knowing that they could cause physical or psychological problems.
Chris Alliman MD: And did you notice. So these two questions are going to be very similar but phrase, just a little bit differently. Did you notice that if you took the same amount of opiates, they didn't tend to work as well.
Jessica Freeman: Let me take more
Chris Alliman MD: There you go.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, so that's the other part. Did you have to take more to achieve the same effect as you had been having. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: And did you have withdrawal symptoms when you stop taking them.
All right.
Chris Alliman MD: Right. Do you know your hepatitis C status.
Chris Alliman MD: It's way too negative. Okay, you're a little bit muffled at this point. So it's a little harder and
Jessica Freeman: Maybe I put
Jessica Freeman: Microphones microphone.
Jessica Freeman: In a bad place. Now, maybe. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. And we talked about your last period. How many pregnancies. Have you had
Jessica Freeman: To
Chris Alliman MD: One delivery.
Jessica Freeman: Or delivery.
Chris Alliman MD: Two deliveries. You've got the five year old and how old the other
Jessica Freeman: He'll be 17 next month. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. All right, now we're going to work through just kind of head to toe symptoms, just looking for yes or nose on these
Chris Alliman MD: The sun's coming in my window. Give me just a moment.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so just kind of yes or no, and we're thinking mainly over the last two weeks on these
Chris Alliman MD: Any fevers.
Chris Alliman MD: No, night sweats know chills.
Chris Alliman MD: Cold intolerance.
Jessica Freeman: Know,
Chris Alliman MD: It's been cold though for us.
Nothing.
Chris Alliman MD: Any change in vision.
Jessica Freeman: Know,
Chris Alliman MD: any difficulty hearing
Chris Alliman MD: No nasal congestion.
No.
Chris Alliman MD: Lip sores.
Jessica Freeman: Neck pain, no coffee. No.
Chris Alliman MD: Shortness of breath.
Jessica Freeman: Nope.
Jessica Freeman: Chest pain. Nope.
Chris Alliman MD: Abdominal pain.
Chris Alliman MD: No pain with urination.
Jessica Freeman: No.
Chris Alliman MD: Blood in the urine.
Chris Alliman MD: No change in hair texture.
Jessica Freeman: No.
Jessica Freeman: No, but I wish, I wish. I wish my hair. Where is full, was it used to be.
Chris Alliman MD: Oh, gotcha. Yeah. Changing skin texture.
Jessica Freeman: Know,
Chris Alliman MD: Joint pains know back pains know
Chris Alliman MD: tender points, no headaches.
Jessica Freeman: Some I've had a couple of headaches last couple weeks. Okay.
Jessica Freeman: Dizziness know
Chris Alliman MD: Fainting
Chris Alliman MD: No numbness
Chris Alliman MD: No lack of coordination.
Jessica Freeman: No weakness. No.
Chris Alliman MD: difficulty speaking
Jessica Freeman: Nope.
Chris Alliman MD: Mood Changes know depression.
Chris Alliman MD: No anxiety.
Chris Alliman MD: Know suicidal thoughts. Yeah, hallucinations.
Jessica Freeman: No.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, that's what we got there. And thank you for humoring me with those
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so now is the fun part where we do the physical exam.
Chris Alliman MD: Which is a little bit hard
Chris Alliman MD: In the computer process.
Chris Alliman MD: But watching you. You're breathing normally. So I'm putting down a normal respiration rate of 18
Chris Alliman MD: What's your height.
Chris Alliman MD: 656 and what's your weight.
Jessica Freeman: 125 right now. Okay, good.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. And do you know how to check your pulse.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I think so.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So what I'm going to do is I'm going to when you found your pulse. What I'm going to do is time six seconds on my phone. You're going to count the number of pulses and I'll tell you start and stop and then you tell me the number of poses that you get in that timeframe.
Chris Alliman MD: Tell me when you're ready.
Chris Alliman MD: Ready, set, go.
Chris Alliman MD: Stop.
Chris Alliman MD: Wait. Alright, so we take that time is 10 and that gives us at in a minute.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, and then really the only other thing that we can do with the physical exam is heavier on the camera just push on your stomach.
Chris Alliman MD: As best you're able
Jessica Freeman: To or I can put the computer.
Chris Alliman MD: Wrap it up. Yeah.
He
Jessica Freeman: So you want me then.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, just press all over the stomach and press kind of firmly.
Chris Alliman MD: So in the middle on the sides a pie down low.
Chris Alliman MD: Any pain as you do that.
Okay, good.
Chris Alliman MD: So that's about all we can do with the physical exam.
Jessica Freeman: I mean I'm healthy man.
Chris Alliman MD: I'm good seems like you've been doing it sounds like you've put a whole lot of work into this. You're a healthy person in general, you're really taking care of yourself, which is good.
Jessica Freeman: And do that. So I can take care of my little boy. Yep.
That's what it's about.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so now we're getting to the point where we need to work out.
Chris Alliman MD: A medication and getting connected with the groups. So then we can have you connected and figure out what's going to best work out for you.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so the Suboxone do you use the the generic or the trade name.
Jessica Freeman: Um, I had just been using, like the tablets there orange.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so not the films, but the
Jessica Freeman: Tablets. Correct. Okay. And
Jessica Freeman: I don't know if it's the same thing. But that's what Medicaid covered in Indiana.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: We can go either way with it in New Mexico. They're pretty open to
Chris Alliman MD: Whatever. So it's, there's not a whole lot of restriction. If you're used to the tablets. I would just stick with the tablets.
Jessica Freeman: I prefer them.
Chris Alliman MD: That's fine.
Jessica Freeman: Films. It's like that taste in your mouth all day.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, that's what I've heard, heard from people. It's convenient but
Chris Alliman MD: Kind of, yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: And do you know if it was the buprenorphine dash no oxygen or the Suboxone that you got
Jessica Freeman: It was the view. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so we'll get that taken care of.
Chris Alliman MD: Them will send in the Narc can. Sounds good. Let me check. I should have an email address here for you.
Jessica Freeman: Easy Jessica Freeman three to eight@gmail.com to Ada
Jessica Freeman: How prosaic
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, good. So I've got a couple emails that I'll send to you. So we'll be able to work things out that way. What it. You said your schedule is pretty busy.
Chris Alliman MD: Let me tell you what groups. I've got available there are more groups and what I have available, but since I'm, you know, talking with you and getting to know you. That is the easiest connection.
A great
Chris Alliman MD: So I have a Monday 9am group.
Chris Alliman MD: I have a Wednesday 7:30pm group.
Chris Alliman MD: And then I have the Friday 12 noon and a Friday 1:30pm
Jessica Freeman: Probably the 730 on Wednesday would be best.
Jessica Freeman: Work either 930 to 330 or tend to for pretty much every day. Okay.
Jessica Freeman: My name. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: So it seems like that would fit in pretty well with what you got going on so good.
Chris Alliman MD: So with that group currently
Chris Alliman MD: Are the therapist that we have is is traveling so she's not going to be here at the group next Wednesday. But she'll be back the Wednesday after that.
Chris Alliman MD: So what I'd like to do is send in a prescription of the Suboxone to get you to that second Wednesday, not this coming Wednesday, because there's not going to be a whole lot of point and that would just be wasting your money as you're trying to work this out.
Chris Alliman MD: What I am that therapist is not currently taking new patients or new clients on. So what I'm going to do is send it out to our other therapists and
Chris Alliman MD: I think Becca is probably the one that will be in touch with you.
Chris Alliman MD: And and we've got another situation with another patient who's had some insurance issues and we're working things out together that way so we can work it out.
Chris Alliman MD: The first appointment with with Becca is a bio psychosocial we're just kind of go through a lot of questions just, it's not a very therapeutic session. It's just kind of
Jessica Freeman: A lot of questions while building your treatment plan.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah yeah I
Jessica Freeman: hate those appointments, but I'll do it. It's cool.
Chris Alliman MD: We'll get it. We'll get it work through
Chris Alliman MD: And then we can certainly see how things
Chris Alliman MD: how things go.
Jessica Freeman: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Go check on him.
Jessica Freeman: Sounds great.
Jessica Freeman: On your bottom Sir it down. Thank you.
Jessica Freeman: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. Alright, so we're going to work it with that information, um,
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so there's also, there's a couple rules just with senior raping helps remind me no smoking or baking during the sessions, because for other people. It can be a trigger.
Jessica Freeman: So,
Chris Alliman MD: No big deal. I'm sure I'm also just being settled and present can be helpful so that you're you're focused on the session and what's happening.
Jessica Freeman: I will do my best. I will say that, you know, my little boy.
Chris Alliman MD: Right.
Chris Alliman MD: And we have
Chris Alliman MD: We have other people that have kids and it's it's a reality, it's life and you got to take care of the kids and that's okay.
Jessica Freeman: I can mute my mic right yeah
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. And we actually do that a lot.
Chris Alliman MD: And I will often during the session when people are being loud on mute it on them just to so that background noise isn't coming in.
Chris Alliman MD: Of course, the sessions are meant to be confidential. Right. We don't want other people in
Jessica Freeman: The background and whatnot. Seriously, my kid.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, which at five years old. I'm not worried about that.
Jessica Freeman: And he's nonverbal so there's that.
There you go.
Chris Alliman MD: The way that you get into the groups when they do happen is that you call into the virtual clinic, like you did today.
Chris Alliman MD: And there's that's like going in the front office of the doctor's office or calling the doctor's office right there's always aligned and there's always paperwork to do
Chris Alliman MD: So what I'm telling you is that with this 730 group. You don't want to call in at 725 and think you're going to get in. We encourage people to call in about half an hour to 20 minutes 20 minutes to half an hour ahead of time so that they can go through get all that taken care of.
Chris Alliman MD: When, when I give them the meeting ID, then they'll email it or text it to you so that you'll be able to get in the group. And that ID changes every group. It's not the same. Each time around.
Chris Alliman MD: We want to ensure people
Chris Alliman MD: check in and get their things taken care of. So
Jessica Freeman: Make sense that way.
Chris Alliman MD: So yeah, put the reminder in your phone, you know, whatever you need to do with all of that.
Chris Alliman MD: Again, this will be for
Jessica Freeman: Adult
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, you seem to be a very responsible adults.
Chris Alliman MD: too worried about
Chris Alliman MD: Some folks, you know, they're still struggling on those basic
Jessica Freeman: Basic
Jessica Freeman: I was there.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: So we try to
Chris Alliman MD: We try to support them as best we can.
Chris Alliman MD: So your first group then would be on February.
Jessica Freeman: 2626 at 730 with an alarm at seven. There you go.
Chris Alliman MD: That would be good. Now I'm going to send you an email that has all this information on it.
Chris Alliman MD: So you'll, you'll have the zoom number. It'll also have my name. It'll have the time and the date of your group and it'll include
Chris Alliman MD: Becca or Rebecca's name, just so you know who that actually it's going to include Dominic's name. I'll put back his name on there to Dominique Is that therapist in the group session, Becca is the one who will probably be doing your intake and
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. JESSICA What questions do you have I've hit you with a lot of stuff.
Jessica Freeman: Oh no, this is no worries. Okay.
Jessica Freeman: I'm good. I mean, I'm familiar with the procedure and
Jessica Freeman: I think that this is going to be really good for me as going the having to go all the appointments is just really challenging with where I am right now in my life. So this is great. And I'm glad that it exists, and I want you to know that I appreciate your help.
Chris Alliman MD: Absolutely. I'm very happy to help out. And I'm glad that you've been able to connect with us. And yeah, the thing that we are trying to do. There's so much technology. We're trying to make this convenient for people. There's no reason it shouldn't be so yeah
Jessica Freeman: That's really cool.
Chris Alliman MD: So I've got your pharmacy listed as Smith's pharmacy on eubank
Jessica Freeman: Yes. Good.
Chris Alliman MD: So I'm going to send that the medications in as we talked about and get that taken care of for you. You should be able to pick that up later today. How much medication, do you have at this point, I guess.
Jessica Freeman: Honestly, I ran out on Tuesday. Okay, I'm not a big fan of like trying to find stuff, you know, because it's just way too dangerous.
Jessica Freeman: But I have a colleague who has a sister and I was he's like the only person that I've been able to kind of disclose, like, Hey, I'm in recovery and
Jessica Freeman: He gets it like he had his own bout with drugs and alcohol and his sister is, you know, kind of in and out. And so she acts and I'm telling you this because I think it's really important to be honest, and she gave me
Jessica Freeman: Three films and I used one yesterday. So I have two left. This is like emergency kind of but i don't i don't do the drug seeking stuff. But it was cool that my colleague was able to help them. How good
Chris Alliman MD: Good, I'm glad you were able to work that out and then how long did it take for you to get in with us.
Jessica Freeman: And now 48 hours. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So not too bad compared to the weeks that other clinics.
Jessica Freeman: Oh yeah, oh yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, it's been I did have to follow up a little bit like I had been really persistent. You know, I called and left messages and email and but I did, you know, get it done. So, good, good.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, well, I'll get that cold in taking care of today. So you should be able to pick up the the tablets today. Okay.
Jessica Freeman: Thank you so much.
Chris Alliman MD: You're very welcome. It's good to see you, and I wish you the best. I'll see you on the 26th.
Jessica Freeman: Good deal. I'll be there.
Jessica Freeman: Alright.
Chris Alliman MD: Sounds good. You bet. Bye bye.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so I realized that I didn't have the dictation.
Chris Alliman MD: Or didn't have the recording going at the beginning. So I'm going to fill in that information for you. So Jessica Freeman January 31st 1988 31 year old female with a history of opiate addiction and alcohol abuse.
Chris Alliman MD: Started when she was a teenager. She was in a strict house household and she was rebelling against her parents was introduced to alcohol and drugs through her boyfriend and parties.
Chris Alliman MD: She was slowly using more and more until she was on Norco and methadone at the same time in the mid 2000s, getting hundreds of pills.
Chris Alliman MD: She says that she was in a recovery house in October of 2016 for five months. And she was introduced to a at that point.
Chris Alliman MD: And at that time she had been off alcohol but had a year of slip ups.
Chris Alliman MD: And then began working with an addiction psychiatrist and therapist in Indiana had been working with them since June of 2016
Chris Alliman MD: She has recently moved to Albuquerque, and has been referred to you and M addiction psychiatrist. However, due to insurance issues. She is struggling to make that happen, states that her and she does not currently have an insurance but is working on getting that to go through
Chris Alliman MD: Reports that she's been taking Suboxone eight tues two tablets or 16 milligrams a day, and that has helped out significantly with both the opiate and the alcohol use.
Chris Alliman MD: She said that her opiate addiction was more an escape from trauma, she had had a undisclosed personal trauma early on and she used her addiction to try and help out with that.
Chris Alliman MD: denies any overdoses or hospitalizations.
Chris Alliman MD: Her last Suboxone us as she reported. There was on Tuesday.
Chris Alliman MD: She was able to get some from friends over these for these last few days, but has not been buying them off the street.
Chris Alliman MD: She wants to quit and wants to continue staying sober sober due to her son.
Chris Alliman MD: And wanting to improve her life.
Chris Alliman MD: She does not have a PCP. And I think you should have the rest of it then.
Chris Alliman MD: past medical history of depression, insomnia, anxiety opioid use disorder and alcohol use disorder allergy to penicillin, which causes hives current medications of Zoloft 200 milligrams a day, President 25 to 50 milligrams at night time and Suboxone eight tues two tablets a day.
Chris Alliman MD: Surgery. She had her tonsils out in 1985
Chris Alliman MD: And I think you have the social and family history there. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: I think the rest of it. You should have
Chris Alliman MD: Go from there.